The Muhurta - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press alt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts Reviews Videos Photos About Community See more of The Muhurta on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of The Muhurta on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now The Muhurta Management Service in Ahmedabad, India 5 5 out of 5 stars. Always Open CommunitySee All 603 people like this 605 people follow this 55 check-ins AboutSee All +91 82001 37251 Contact The Muhurta on Messenger www.themuhurta.com Management Service · Travel Company · Educational Consultant Hours Always Open Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - June 1, 2019 People 603 likes Related Pages LDCE Cultural Club Organization Sanjay Tank Journalist Media/News Company ??????? Quotes Personal Blog Manis Patel Graphic Designer Dr. Pokhraj Suthar Radiologist Saraswati nagarik samaj High School Centre for Heritage Management-Ahmedabad University Campus Building Amdavad Rockets Society & Culture Website Vaishvanar ayurvedic clinic Medical & Health Pooja's Way Blogger Mihir Raval Public Figure Travvy Travel Services Pvt Ltd Travel Company The Birthday GANG Event Planner Meri Sanskriti Fitness Academy Gym/Physical Fitness Center Ayush Shrotria Musician Saraswati Vidya Mandal Elementary School Meri Sanskriti Cultural Center Noble School of Science School patel.mausam.129 Personal Blog Lingodbhava - A Serene Path to Divine Personal Blog See Moretriangle-down Places Ahmedabad, India Educational Consultant The Muhurta English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Posts The Muhurta March 3 at 9:05 AM · The United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) decided to proclaim 3 March, the day of the adoption of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora , as World Wildlife Day. The 2019 theme is "Life below water: for people and planet". #worldwildlifeday #wildlife #nature #themuhurta The Muhurta February 23 · Central Excise Day is commemorated every year all across the India on 24th of February to encourage the employees of excise department to carry out the central excise duty all over the India in better way in order to prevent the corruption in goods manufacturing business as well as implement other rules to carry out best possible excise services. #tax #collection #taxcollection #excise #specialday #central #government #revenue #old #heritage #development #themuhurta #india See All Recommendations and Reviews Best people for heritage walks! I simply loved the walk, inspite of living in Ahmedabad for so many ...years, I never knew about a lot of things! It made my day. I definitely recommend The Muhurta. See More July 12, 2019 The best place and the best person to learn about heritage and historical gems around us in the city.... A lot of time, Google fails to tell us the hidden facts about these places, which Param and team would walk us through! Highly recommended! See More June 19, 2019 Hands down one of the best people to go to, learn about Heritage & Culture and experience a whole ne...w side of this beautiful heritage city! It was fascinating learning about the deep history of how the city was formed and all it went through in a unique way with extremely knowledgable folks who will guide you through an authentic exploration of the heritage city! The food, the ancient structures,and overall experience is one you shouldn’t miss!!! See More June 19, 2019 See All Videos Looks like #garba of #karnataka Beeramballi area's local Kadu Kurumba tribals are conserving their cultural heritage. This tribal dance is a welcome dance. They do welcome their guests with this dance and music. Kabini or Kapila river is very auspicious for them. At the amazing @evolvebackresorts they do promote #responsibletourism and #spiritofkabini . Enjoy their welcome and enter to their hearts. #atithidevobhava #incredibleindia #mysuru #kabini #kannada #karnataka #india #heritage #cultu #themuhurta 14 See All Photos See All See More